README.md, before:

# UserScripts

## Amazon Video - subtitle downloader

Adds buttons to download subtitles in `.srt` format for movie, season and episode.

## Netflix - subtitle downloader

Allows you to download subs from Netflix shows and movies.

Text based subtitles are downloaded in `.srt` format. Basic font formatting is supported: bold, italic, underline, color and position (by default turned off in options; only top and bottom of a screen).

Image based subtitles are downloaded as a `.zip`. Inside you've got all subs in `.png` format and `.xml` file with timestamps which can be opened in Subtitle Edit for OCR. Let me know if other programs can open it.

You can also convert them to other image based formats:
Select **Tools** -> **Batch** convert, add `.xml` file(s) to **Input files** box, select **Format** and hit **Convert**.

Or using command line:
`SubtitleEdit /convert "F:\subs\test\manifest_ttml2.xml" Blu-raysup`
`Blu-raysup` for `.sup` files
`VobSub` for `.sub` files

# Libraries

## xhrHijacker

Allows to hijack XHR whether you're using `@grant` in UserScripts or not. You can change method, url, add headers, abort, use loaded data. You can't change loaded data though.

Example usage:

```javascript
// ==UserScript==
// ...
// @require https://cdn.rawgit.com/Tithen-Firion/UserScripts/7bd6406c0d264d60428cfea16248ecfb4753e5e3/libraries/xhrHijacker.js?version=1.0
// ==/UserScript==

xhrHijacker(function(xhr, id, origin, args) {
  // id is unique string, use it to recognise your xhr between ready states
  // origin can be: open|send|readystatechange|load
  // args are used only with origin set to open or send
  if(origin == "open") {
    // happens before real open
    args[0] = "GET";
  } else if(origin == "send") {
    // happens before real send
    xhr.setRequestHeader("X-Foo", "Bar");
  } else if(origin == "readystatechange") {
    //you can abort XHR after it is sent
    if(xhr.readyState == 2)
      xhr.abort();
  } else if(origin == "load") {
    console.log(xhr.getAllResponseHeaders());
    console.log(xhr.responseType);
    console.log(xhr.response);
    console.log(xhr.status);
  }
});
```

Commit message:

add install URLs to README

README.md, after:

# UserScripts

## Amazon Video - subtitle downloader

Adds buttons to download subtitles in `.srt` format for movie, season and episode.

Install from [here](https://github.com/Tithen-Firion/UserScripts/raw/master/Amazon_Video_-_subtitle_downloader.user.js), [OpenUserJS](https://openuserjs.org/scripts/Tithen-Firion/Amazon_Video_-_subtitle_downloader) or [Greasyfork](https://greasyfork.org/pl/scripts/34885-amazon-video-subtitle-downloader).

## Netflix - subtitle downloader

Allows you to download subs from Netflix shows and movies.

Text based subtitles are downloaded in `.srt` format. Basic font formatting is supported: bold, italic, underline, color and position (by default turned off in options; only top and bottom of a screen).

Image based subtitles are downloaded as a `.zip`. Inside you've got all subs in `.png` format and `.xml` file with timestamps which can be opened in Subtitle Edit for OCR. Let me know if other programs can open it.

You can also convert them to other image based formats:
Select **Tools** -> **Batch** convert, add `.xml` file(s) to **Input files** box, select **Format** and hit **Convert**.

Or using command line:
`SubtitleEdit /convert "F:\subs\test\manifest_ttml2.xml" Blu-raysup`
`Blu-raysup` for `.sup` files
`VobSub` for `.sub` files

Install from [here](https://github.com/Tithen-Firion/UserScripts/raw/master/Netflix_-_subtitle_downloader.user.js), [OpenUserJS](https://openuserjs.org/scripts/Tithen-Firion/Netflix_-_subtitle_downloader) or [Greasyfork](https://greasyfork.org/pl/scripts/26654-netflix-subtitle-downloader).

# Libraries

## xhrHijacker

Allows to hijack XHR whether you're using `@grant` in UserScripts or not. You can change method, url, add headers, abort, use loaded data. You can't change loaded data though.

Example usage:

```javascript
// ==UserScript==
// ...
// @require https://cdn.rawgit.com/Tithen-Firion/UserScripts/7bd6406c0d264d60428cfea16248ecfb4753e5e3/libraries/xhrHijacker.js?version=1.0
// ==/UserScript==

xhrHijacker(function(xhr, id, origin, args) {
  // id is unique string, use it to recognise your xhr between ready states
  // origin can be: open|send|readystatechange|load
  // args are used only with origin set to open or send
  if(origin == "open") {
    // happens before real open
    args[0] = "GET";
  } else if(origin == "send") {
    // happens before real send
    xhr.setRequestHeader("X-Foo", "Bar");
  } else if(origin == "readystatechange") {
    //you can abort XHR after it is sent
    if(xhr.readyState == 2)
      xhr.abort();
  } else if(origin == "load") {
    console.log(xhr.getAllResponseHeaders());
    console.log(xhr.responseType);
    console.log(xhr.response);
    console.log(xhr.status);
  }
});
```
